Documentation (#577)
NREL-SIIP/PowerSystems.jl: docs/src/index.md

CurrentModule = PowerSystems
```

> `PowerSystems.jl` is a [`Julia`](http://www.julialang.org) package Power Systems Modeling that provides a rigorous data model using Julia structures to enable power systems modeling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PowerSystems.jl` is a [`Julia`](http://www.julialang.org) package that provides a rigorous data model using Julia structures to enable power systems modeling.
```

> `PowerSystems.jl` provides tools to prepares and processes data useful for electric energy systems modelling. This package serves two purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PowerSystems.jl` provides tools to prepare and process data useful for electric energy systems modelling. This package serves two purposes:
```

> `PowerSystems.jl` provides tools to prepares and processes data useful for electric energy systems modelling. This package serves two purposes:

Reviewer: nit:  We should be consistent on the spelling of `modelling`.

> 1. It facilitates the development and open sharing of custom datasets between users and computer systems.

Reviewer: Suggest rewording this.  "Open sharing" of data between users and computers sounds odd [to me].

2. It provides a data model that imposes discipline on model specification, addressing the challenge of design and terminology choices when sharing code and data.

The main features include:

- Extensive library of data structures for power systems modeling.
- Parsing capabilities from common data formats (PSS/e raw and dyr, Matpower and CSV)

`PowerSystems.jl` documentation and code are organized according to the needs of different users depending on their skillset and requirements. In broad terms there are three categories:

> - **Modeler**: Users that want to use `PowerSystems.jl` to develop a new data set for a particular analysis or experiment.

Reviewer: Would it be better to say `Users that want to run a particular analysis or experiment.`?

> - **Model Deverloper**: Users that wants to develop custom device and components and structs and exploit `PowerSystems.jl` features to produce custom data sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Model Developer**: Users that want to develop custom components and structs in order to exploit `PowerSystems.jl` features to produce custom data sets.
```

> - **Advanced Developers**: Users that want to add new core functionalities or fix bugs in the core capabilties of `PowerSystems.jl`. This user should also check [`InfrastructureSystems.jl`](https://github.com/NREL-SIIP/InfrastructureSystems.jl).

Reviewer: `check out` or `learn`

> `PowerSystems.jl` in an active project under development, and we welcome your feedback, suggestions, and bug reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PowerSystems.jl` is an active project under development, and we welcome your feedback, suggestions, and bug reports.
```
